removed "Action" section (#809)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/anti-malware-protection.md

  
## Anti-malware policies

> When malware is detected, Exchange Online Protection allows the messages being delivered, but attachments that contain malware are quarantined. Anti-malware policies control notification options for malware detections. The important settings in anti-malware policies are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When malware is detected, Exchange Online Protection allows the messages to be delivered, but attachments that contain malware are quarantined. Anti-malware policies control notification options for malware detection. The important settings in anti-malware policies are:
```
